Nepal. Home to the tallest peak in the world, Mount Everest. Located in the Himalayas,
it is bordered by China and India. As of today, Nepal is home to over 2,200 of our
brothers and sisters who zealously preach the Kingdom Good News to its more than 27 million
residents. Tragically, on April 25th, every day life for the people of Nepal changed. A 7.8
magnitude earthquake shook the region of Nepal's capital, Kathmandu. Nepal's residents were now
suffering the effects of the most powerful earthquake to hit that region in over 80 years.
We are quite surprised by this event. We were not prepared for a destruction of this
scale, but I'm happy to say that our dear brothers and sisters are hoping this situation
with calm spirit and with cool faith on Jehovah. 163 homes of our brothers were damaged,
91 of which were completely destroyed. As a result of the devastation, there was an acute
shortage of food, water and sanitary shelter. Within 24 hours, local brothers in less affected
areas and neighboring branch offices coordinated and began the distribution of relief supplies.
A local disaster relief committee was formed and a medical team was dispatched to care for the
physical and emotional needs of those affected. Simultaneously, attention was given to providing
much needed spiritual comfort and encouragement.
Since the first drama hit us and sat at the afternoon, we are staying in the tents.
The very next day elders visited us, they spoke with us, inquired about our situation.
We are very encouraged. But we are not worried about lashing and footing,
our sister helped us. Within an hour, elders came to help and encouraged us.
They are visiting us daily. It's beautiful. We are happy. Thank you.
On May 1st, Brother Gary Bro, a representative of World Headquarters, arrived to build up those
who had suffered losses. A highlight of the visit was a special meeting held on May 4th,
which was streamed via the internet from a kingdom hall to other congregations around the
country. All of this only nine days after the earthquake. It is very clear that Jehovah has
provided the needed help spiritually, mentally and physically through his organization and through
his Holy Spirit.